./nlcc/
#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
ansiwrap==0.8.4
    # via papermill
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.0.5
    # via stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via mdtraj
attrs==21.4.0
    # via jsonschema
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
bel-resources==0.0.3
    # via pybel
biopython==1.79
    # via mdanalysis
bioregistry==0.4.100
    # via pybel
bleach==5.0.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   bioregistry
    #   click-plugins
    #   more-click
    #   papermill
    #   pybel
    #   pystow
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via pybel
colorama==0.4.4
    # via mendeleev
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   papermill
executing==0.8.3
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.15.3
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.33.3
    # via matplotlib
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via sqlalchemy
griddataformats==0.7.0
    # via mdanalysis
gsd==2.5.2
    # via mdanalysis
h5py==3.6.0
    # via pyscf
humanize==4.0.0
    # via pybel
idna==3.3
    # via requests
importlib-resources==5.7.1
    # via jsonschema
ipykernel==6.13.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==7.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   nglview
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   mdanalysis
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.4.0
    # via
    #   nbformat
    #   pybel
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==7.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==4.10.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.1.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nglview
kiwisolver==1.4.2
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mdanalysis
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdanalysis==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mdtraj==1.9.7
    # via -r requirements.in
mendeleev==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
mmtf-python==1.1.2
    # via mdanalysis
more-click==0.1.1
    # via bioregistry
more-itertools==8.12.0
    # via pybel
mpmath==1.2.1
    # via sympy
mrcfile==1.3.0
    # via griddataformats
msgpack==1.0.3
    # via mmtf-python
multisplitby==0.0.1
    # via bel-resources
nbclient==0.6.0
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   papermill
nbconvert==6.5.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.3.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   papermill
nest-asyncio==1.5.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
networkx==2.8
    # via
    #   mdanalysis
    #   pybel
nglview==3.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook==6.4.11
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   widgetsnbextension
numpy==1.22.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   biopython
    #   griddataformats
    #   gsd
    #   h5py
    #   matplotlib
    #   mdanalysis
    #   mdtraj
    #   mendeleev
    #   mrcfile
    #   nglview
    #   pandas
    #   pyscf
    #   rdkit-pypi
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   matplotlib
    #   mdanalysis
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtpy
pandas==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mendeleev
    #   pybel
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
papermill==2.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.1.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   rdkit-pypi
prometheus-client==0.14.1
    # via notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.29
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.0
    # via ipykernel
psycopg2-binary==2.9.3
    # via pybel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pybel==0.15.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.9.0
    # via bioregistry
pyfiglet==0.8.post1
    # via mendeleev
pygments==2.12.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   mendeleev
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==3.0.8
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   mdtraj
    #   packaging
    #   pybel
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
pyscf==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pystow==0.4.3
    # via
    #   bioregistry
    #   pybel
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2022.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via papermill
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.3.0
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.0.1
    # via qtconsole
ratelimit==2.2.1
    # via pybel
rdkit-pypi==2022.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   bel-resources
    #   bioregistry
    #   papermill
    #   pybel
    #   pystow
    #   requests-file
requests-file==1.5.1
    # via
    #   bel-resources
    #   pybel
scikit-learn==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   griddataformats
    #   mdanalysis
    #   mdtraj
    #   pyscf
    #   scikit-learn
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   griddataformats
    #   mendeleev
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-file
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==1.4.36
    # via
    #   mendeleev
    #   pybel
stack-data==0.2.0
    # via ipython
sympy==1.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tabulate==0.8.9
    # via pybel
tenacity==8.0.1
    # via papermill
terminado==0.13.3
    # via notebook
textwrap3==0.9.2
    # via ansiwrap
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via
    #   mdanalysis
    #   scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.64.0
    # via
    #   bioregistry
    #   mdanalysis
    #   papermill
    #   pybel
    #   pystow
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==4.2.0
    # via pydantic
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
wheel==0.37.1
    # via astunparse
widgetsnbextension==3.6.0
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.8.0
    # via importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
